Update steps for rolling back v2.5+ (#3477)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/installation/install-rancher-on-k8s/rollbacks/_index.md

1. Click **Create**.

> **Result:** The rancher-operator scales the rancher deployment back up once the restore completes. The resources are restored in this order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Result:** The backup file is created and updated to the target storage location. The resources are restored in this order:
```

Explanation: Because we manually set the replica to 0 before creating the backup, so what the rancher-operator does is to scale down from 0 to 0 -> make the backup -> scale up from 0 to 0.
